hot story all hot story
but as I said again different
his
wins juve discuss the win 10
of course, must indeed see that they have the
make points otherwise they are also very
very far in the raffle with there have
I take care that also to hamburg
we also have theirs up and away
has squat in paderborn right on
unnecessarily also raised questions of
relieved I can get used to them wins
2 1 percent to the club
that makes him for club where cologne are
Now my friends become so and
you look why the will probably in
hamburg crawl but it was
Although the cologne is the right thing
00 correct one point are out the top and
leverkusen still has to be up there
take care with the third and
fourth money is worth so I'm there
that has witten English tight box 0 1
because that's not possible either
that's not true
so much rest
okay a reason enough plays this whole
history with injured and works can
or if I do not matter anymore
Bruno is the last cartridge the
have wm-belt and nothing else
Beiersdorf can tell what he wants
I would have set the gag anyway
I would not have been on the
left trainer bench we be
that is already on many in the ladies
no longer missed the bank and
of course the alarm photograph peters
So the right but never at
We are not a planing home game in
hamburg football yes no vague ideas and
without the lions photograph the bruno
that alone must wuppen and I trust
show him too much thread 10
gets in and moderate football
Mediocre trainer I know where how
they came up with the idea
i prefer to drink the prestigious europe
league in the bundesliga so around the
Hoffnungheim ehrhoff another one can too
why a flower recumbent intervene and
So these colossi to anyway against
hoffenheim much only now
So I know I type in a bit
the haag with the eyes that Hoffnungheim 3
1 wins Upper Bavaria I would like
of course, is wonderful to welcome though
unfortunately always back weeks before
again long fields out and that
saves already at 19 announcement of in
play for in my eyes so when it
through the first holder as samples against
hertha we can also unload with you
games wins over the losers still
lose harder 3 0 100% drowned
topspiel so witzwil 30